01. The ducks swim in the pond near my house.
The ducks swim in the lake close to my home
There is a pond near my house, where the ducks swim.
There is a lake close to my house, where the ducks swim.

02. Sue changed the flat tire
Sue replaced the deflated tyre
The flat tire was changed by Sue.
The deflated tyre was replaced by Sue

03. Mom read the novel in one day.
Mother read the book in a day.
The novel was read by mom in one day. 
The book was ready by mother in a day.

04. I will clean the house every Saturday.
I will cleanse the home each Saturday
The house will be cleaned by me every Saturday.
The home will be cleansed by me each Saturday.

05. The teacher always answers the studentsí questions. 
The professor always responds to the students' doubts.
The studentsí questions are always answered by the teacher.
The students' doubts are are always responded to by the professor

06. The fire destroyed the whole forest.
The fire demolished the entire forest.
The whole forest was destroyed by the fire.
The entire forest was demolished by the fire.

07. The cleaning crew vacuums and dusts the office every night.
The cleaning crew vacuums the office every night. The cleaning crew dusts the office every night.
Every night the office is vacuumed and dusted by the cleaning crew.
The cleaning team vacuums the office each night. The cleaning team dusts the office each night.

08. Larry generously donated money to the homeless shelter.
Larry benovelently donated money to the shelter for homeless people
Money was charitably donated to the homeless shelter by Larry.
Money was charitably donated to the shelter for homeless people by Larry.

09. The science class viewed the comet.
The science class saw the comet
The comet was viewed by the science class. 
The comet was seen by the science class.

10. They rushed the crash victims to the hospital.
They hurried the crash casualties to the hospital.
The crash victims were rushed to the hospital by them.
The crash casualties were huried to the hospital by them.

11. They disinfect all the equipment at the end of each day.
They sanitize all the apparatus at the end of the day.
All of the equipment is disinfected by them at the end of the day.
All of the apparatus is sanitized by them at the end of the day.

12. He called the police after the burglary.
He called the policement after the theft.
The police was called by them after the burglary.
The police was called by them after the theft. 

13. The hat you are wearing looks very nice.
The cap you are wearing looks really good.
The hat being worn by you looks very nice.
The cap being worn by you looks really good.

14. The talk show host was stunned by the accusation.
The chat show anchor was stunned by the allegation.
The accusation stunned the talk show host.
The allegation stunned the chat show anchor.

15. We were looking for the perfect house to buy for our retirement
We were finding a perfect retirement home.
We are retiring and looking for a perfect retirement house.
We are retiring and trying to find the perfect retirement home.

16. The graceful dancer and her partner glided across the stage.
The elegant dancer and her associate glided across the platform.
The two dancers gracefully glided across the stage.
The two dancers elegantly glided across the platform.

17. The revision for your paper must be delivered to my room by noon.
The revised version of your paper must be sent to my room by afternoon.
You should send the revision of your paper to my room by noon.
You should send the revised version of your paper to my room by afternoon.

18. Your progressive ideas will win valuable votes.
Your liberal views will win precious votes.
Valuable votes will be won by your progressive ideas.
Precious votes will be won because of your liberal views.

19. This special protein drink should make you powerful and energetic.
This exceptional protien drink should make you strong and active.
You should become powerful and energetic after having this special protien drink.
You should become strong and active after having this exceptional protien drink.

20. Raoul wanted a brief talk with his boss.
Raoul wanted to have a short conversation with his chief.
Raoul wanted his boss to have a brief talk with him.
Raoul wanted his chief to have a short conversation with him.

21. The trader accepted my offer.
The seller embraced my proposal.
My offer was accpeted by the trader.
My proposal was embraced by the seller.

22. Ruth is the friendliest person in our apartment building; everyone likes her optimism
Ruth is the most amiable person in our apartment building and everyone likes her hopefullness.
Ruth is the friendlist person in our apartment building and her optimism is liked by everyone.
Ruth is the most amiable person in our apartment building and her hopefullness is liked by everyone.

23. This dog is so faithful to me; he is by far my best friend.
This dog is so loyal to me; he is by far my greatest friend.
This dog is so faithful towards me and is by far by best friend.
This dog is so loyal towards me and is by a large extent my greatest friend.

24. The dean of the school is impatient and arrogant.
The principal of the school is restless and egotistical.
The dean of the school is impatient. He is also arrogant. 
The principal of the school is restless. He is also egotistical.

25. We threw the ball, but we did not intend to hit the window.
We tossed the ball, but we did not aim to strike the window.
The ball was thrown by us, but we did not intend to hit the window.
The ball was tossed by us, but it was not our intention to hit the window.

26. Some people find it difficult to accept compliments.
Some people find it hard to receive praises.
It is difficult for some people to accept compliments.
It is hard for some people to receive praises.

27. We scheduled a time to meet with the teacher.
We arranged a time to meet with the professor.
A time was scheduled to us to meet the teacher.
A time was arranged for us to meet the professor.

28. New rules were written after the accident in the laboratory.
New regulations were drafted after the accident in the laboratory.
After the accident in the laboratory, new rules were written.
After the mishap in the laboratory, new regulations were drafted.

29. The blood donors were rather impatient, for they had waited in the clinic for four hours.
The blood donators were rather restless, for they had waited in the medical centre for hours.
Because they had waited in the clinic for hours, the blood donors were rather impatient.
Having waited in the medical centre for hours, the blood donators were rather restless. 

30. During the storm, all of the phone lines were down, and the streets were flooded.
At the time of the storm, all of the phone lines were down, and the roads were swamped.
All the phone lines were down and the streets were flooded during the storm.
All the phone lines were down and the roads were swamped at the time of the storm.

31. The computer crashed and consequently many of the unsaved files were lost.
The computer crashed and as a result many of the unsaved files were forgotten.
Many of the unsaved files were lost as a conseuence of the computer crashing.
Many of the unsaved files were forgotten as a result of the computer crashing.

32. We detected a faint odor in the basement.
We noticed a vague smell in the basement.
A faint odor was detected by us in the basement.
A vague smell was noticed by us in the basement.

33. The research group conducted a neighborhood survey, for they wanted to gather some data.
The research team organized a neighbourhood survey poll, for they wanted to collect some data.
Because they wanted to gather some data, a neighbourhood survey was conducted by the research group.
in order to collect some data, a neighbourhood poll was organized by the research team.

34. Some people combat fears by facing them directly while others let fear consume them.
Some people fight fears by confronting them directly while other let fear overwhelm them.
By facing fears directly, some poeple combat them, while others get consumed by them.
By confronting fears directly, some people fight them, while others get overwhelmed by them.

35. The children hid beneath the bed; however, their dog was able to find them.
The kids concealed themselves under the bed; however, the dog was able to discover them.
The dog was able to find the children even though they hid beneath the bed.
The dog was able to discover the kids even though they concealed themselves under the bed. 

36. Three transactions are allowed, but I never withdraw money from that account.
Three transactions are premitted, but I never extract money from that account.
I never withdraw money from that account even though three transactions are allowed.
I never extract money from that account even though three transactions are permitted.

37. Caring for the infants is demanding but also very rewarding.
Taring care of babies is challenging but also very pleasing.
Even though caring for infants is demanding, it is also very rewarding.
Even though tking care of babies is challenging, it is also very pleasing. 

38. Too much waste is dumped daily; recycling efforts must become a greater priority.
A lot of garbage is thrown everyday; recycling attempts must become a bigger concern.
Recycling efforts must become a greater priority as too much waste is dumped daily.
Recyling attempts must become a bigger concern as a lot of garbage is thrown everyday.

39. The audience was extremely bored at the meeting, but no one chose to leave.
The crowd was immensely bored at the gathering, but no one decided to leave.
No one chose to leave even though the audience was extremely bored at the meeting.
No one decided to leave despite the croud getting immensely bored at the meeting.

40. It is best to be prepared for all kinds of weather as it is very unpredictable 
It is most sensible to be ready for all kinds of weather as it is very capricious.
Because the weather is very unpredictable, it is best to be prepared for all kinds of weather.
Because the wether is extrememly capricious, it is most sensible to be ready for any kind of weather.

41.  Since you are not indispensable, you must work hard to prove your value.
Since you are not essential, you must work hard to demonstrate your worth.
You must work hard to prove your value, since you are not indispensable.
You must work hard to demonstrate your worth, since you are not essential.

42. The speaker mentioned the fact that every person has some kind of moral dilemma.
The lecturer suggested the fact all people have some kind of an ethical difficulty.
The fact that every person has some kind of a moral dilemma was mentioned by the speaker.
The fact that all people have some kind of an ethical difficulty was suggested by the lecturer.

43.  When deciding on a major, you must identify your talents and goals for the future.
When choosing a major, you must recognize your abilities and aims for the future.
You must identify your talents and goals for the future when deciding on a major.
You must recognize your abilities and aims for the future when choosing a major.

44. There are two valid arguments that voters must weigh carefully.
There are a couple of reasonable assertions that voters must consider cautiously.
Voters must weigh carefully the two valid arguments.
Voters must consider cautiously the two reasonable assertions.

45.  I was fatigued because I had not slept for two days.
I was tired because I had not rested for a couple of days.
Since I had not slept for two days, I was fatigued.
Since I had not rested for a couple of days, I was tired.

46.  Seize the golden opportunities if you want to get the most out of life. 
Grasp the golden oppurtunities if you want to get the majority out of life.
If you want to get the most out of life, seize the golden oppurtunities.
To get the majority out of life, one must grasp the golden oppurtunities.

47. The street markets were crowded and noisy after the cruise ship docked.
The road marketplace was packed and rowdy after the cruise boat anchored.
After the cruise ship docked, the street market was crowded and noisy.
After the cruise boat anchored, the road marketplace was packed and rowdy.

48. The local hero showed his courage when he ran into the burning house and rescued the child.
The native hero displayed his bravery when he ran into the blazing house and saved the kid.
When the local hero ran into the burning house to rescue the child, he showed his courage.
When the native hero ran into the blazing house to rescue the kid, he displayed his bravery.

49. The coach's assistant runs the team meetings whenever the coach is unavailable.
The coach's subordinate organizes the team gatherings whenever the coach is busy.
The team meetings are run by the coach's assistant whenever the coach is unavailable.
The team gatherings are organized by the coach's subordinate whenver the coach is busy.

50. Rachel willingly worked for long hours even after her shift got over.
Rachel voluntarily worked for a long time even after her shift finished.
Even after her shift got over, Rachel willingly worked for long hours.
Even after her shift finished, Rachel voluntarily worked for a long time. 

51. Giraffes like Acacia leaves and hay and they can consume 75 pounds of food a day.
A giraffe can eat up to 75 pounds of Acacia leaves and hay everyday. 
75 pounds of Acacia leaves and hay can be eaten by a giraffe per day 
A giraffe eats up to 75 pounds a day. It eats leaves and hay.

52. Any trip to Italy should include a visit to Tuscany to sample their exquisite wines.
Be sure to include a Tuscan wine-tasting experience when visiting Italy. 
A vacation to Italy must also encompass a visit to Tuscany for wine  tasting.
Wine tasting in Tuscany should be included in a visit to Italy

53. The company was very successful
the cooperation was extremely profitable
success was achieved by the organisation 
The organisation made profits

54. Tony’s closest friend and associate is an FBI informant.
an FBI informant is his friend
a FBI spy was close to Tony
Tony is very close to someone. That someone is an FBI informant

55. Mary lived through an era of liberating reform for women.
In her life, she went through multiple reforms for females.
Mary was alive to witness an time period of liberation of girls.
Liberation of women took place many years ago. Mary lived through that era.

56. There are a lot of animals in the field today.
The number of animals in the field today is a lot.
Today in the field, there are multiple animals.
On this day, animals in the field are many.

57. A few lions can take down an entire village of people.
A village full of people can be destroyed by just a few lions.
A very small number of lions can tear down a village
It does not take more than a couple of lions to finish off a village.

58. I must learn how to shoot otherwise I wont be able to protect myself.
I can only protect myself if I learn to shoot.
To learn shooting is necessary for me. Since I wont be able to protect myself otherwise.
 If i want to protect myself, I must learn how to shoot

59. There are multiple ways to answer the same question.
There are more than a few ways which can be used to give answers.
The way to answer a question need not be unique.
It is possible to answer a question in a few different ways.

60. Is it worse to kill someone than to let someone die? 
Is murdering better that letting someone lose his or her life?
How do you decide which is better, killing or letting die?
Is letting someone die better than killing?

61. He talks about historical facts and their significance in writing history.
He spoke about the significance of historical facts in writing history.
The man discussed about how important historical facts are in historical writing.
He said that historical facts are significant in writing history.

62. Justice league was a horrible movie.
The movie justice league was really bad.
A movie that comes under the category of bad films is justice league.
It is difficult to say but justice league the movie sucked.

63. Although having different approaches, they both give answers to the same question
The same question was answered using different approaches  by them.
They both answered the same question but used a different approach.
An alternate approach was used the answer the same question by both.

64.  This is the definition which one would give to the term.
The term would be given this definition by someone.
Here is the meaning that someone would give to the expression.
This meaning is what one would give to that term.

65. What is it that I have which you don’t?
What do I have and you do not?
Is there something which I have and you don’t?
What do you don’t have which I do?

66. Thor is the god of thunder and is stronger than any human.
The deity of lightning is Thor and he is very powerful.
The lord of lightning is very powerful and his name is Thor.
A god who is more powerful than any human being is Thor and he is the lord of thunder.

67. How does one achieve success?
In what way can you achieve success?
Success has a key, what is it?
What is the key to success?

68. The marketing team needs to meet at night for some work.
The team which is handling marketing, needs to meet for work at night time.
The marketing team will be meeting for work late in the day.
The team handling marketing is going to meet at night. They need to finish some work.

69. The boy quickly ran across the finish line, seizing yet another victory.
The quick boy seized yet another victory when he ran across the finish line.
He swiftly ran across the finish line and won.
He won by speedily crossing the finish line.

70. Puppies were adopted by numerous kind souls at the puppy drive.
Many kind souls adopted puppies during the puppy drive.
Many young dogs were adopted by people with kind souls.
Many people with kind souls adopted young dogs

71. The internet in my house was not working for multiple days.
My house’s internet was out of work for many days.
The wifi at my house did not work for a lot of days.
My home internet didn’t work for many days.

72. The older citizens were honoured with a parade for those once in the military.
Senior citizens were honoured with a march for veterans.
Older veterans were honoured with a parade.
Veterans, who were old, were honoured by a march.

73. The life he once lived is no longer the same.
His life has changed.
That boy’s life is not the same as what it used to be.
He does not live the same life anymore.

74. While there are many who believe in god, there are also many who don’t.
There are many atheists and many believers in god.
Many believe and many don’t believe in god.
Many people believe in god. However, surprisingly there are also many who don’t. 

75. This essay could have been better.
The paper could have been written in a better way.
The presented article, although good, could have been of higher quality.
The paper was not of good quality.

76. That man lost all his money while gambling.
Gambling made him lose all his money.
He lost all the cash that he had while he was betting.
Due to his habit of gambling, the man lost all his wealth.

77. The phone caught fire while charging.
The phone was kept on charge when it caught fire. The mobile went up in flames while it was on charge.
The mobile phone was charging. A few hours later, it caught fire.

78. She made me angry when she was rude at dinner.
Her impoliteness, gossiping, and general lack of respect at dinner infuriated me.
Her ill-mannered behaviour angered me while we were having dinner.
While we were having dinner, her impolite and ill-mannered behaviour made me angry.

79. The task performed by the interns was not up to the mark.
The job given to the interns was not carried out properly.
The interns did not perform well at their job.
It was sad to see that the interns could not perform their job well.

80. The talk about computer networks was excellent.
Yesterdays talk was about various computer networks was very good.
There was a very good talk about computer networks yesterday.
There was a talk yesterday about computer networks. That talk was amazing.

81. The project will take very less time to finish.
It will take us a little bit of time to complete the project.
The project completion will take place very soon.
It won’t take much time to finish the project now.

82. How many days does it take to explore Delhi?
What number of days are required to take a tour of Delhi?
Touring Delhi requires how many days?
How many days are required to take a tour of Delhi.

83. She was a successful author and speaker. 
She found success as a speaker and writer.
Her success came from speaking and writing.
Speaking and writing gave her success. 

84. The tornado razed the town. 
The town was obliterated by the cyclone.
The cyclone erased the town.
The hurricane was successful in destroying the town.

85. Niagara Falls is viewed by thousands of tourists every year. 
Each year, thousands of people visit Niagara Falls.
Thousands of people go to see Niagara Falls each year.
There are thousands of people who pay a visit to Niagara Falls every single year.

86. It was a spacious room with lit candles all over.
Candles flickered from many areas of the large room.
The spacious room contained many burning candles.
The big room was lit up with many candles.

87. In ancient times the olive branch was used as a peace symbol, as well as the dove.
Many centuries ago, peace was shown with an olive branch and a dove. 
Multiple centuries back, people used doves and an olive branch to show peace.
Peace was shown through a dove and an olive branch many centuries ago.

88. The grey clouds were a warning of an approaching storm. 
The coming storm was foretold by the dark clouds.
The dark clouds gave a signal of the nearing storm.
The storm could be predicted by the dark clouds.

89. He was saddened by the news. 
The news depressed him.
The news that he was told made him sad.
When the news reached him, he went into depression.
END
END
END
END
END
END
END
END
END

90. The still waters of the Caribbean were teal in colour. 
The turquoise Caribbean waters were calm.
There is calm and turquoise water in the Caribbean.
The Caribbean contains calm and teal water.

